# Teuflisch Grendal Military Academy// 6.19.6018u

Through 3 gruelling years of training, testing, and enhancement, 6 of the 8 members of **The Rookies** have come to graduate.  A success rate 50% greater than the average Lance at Teuflisch's premier Grendal Military Training Academy. Accordingly they have been paired up with a Handler.  **Nancy Wake** will take charge of mission briefings, intellegince work, deployment, on-site situational appraisal activities, as well as ensuring mission critical objectives are met by the Lance.  Unusually, all 6 gruaduates have been assigned to the same Lance alongside 1 member who was held back a year, many speculate this is due to their stupendous track record inside the academy, but all eyes are on them to see if their success will be more than academic. 

# Teuflisch Royal Navy Carrier // 12.31.6018u

Wake will be debriefing before mission.
3 Lances from the Teuflisch Special Operations Division have been called in to investigate potentially fraudulant accounting being committed at the Keta 7.9 Remote Mining Facility.  Each Lance will work with their Handler on a seperate objective. The **ROOKIES** objective will be investigating a suspicious zone located several clicks North West of the primary facility. LEHR will be investigating the security offices of the Facility and questioning the Chief Executor of the facility Shindler, in addition to his Head of Security Ida W. TOTENKOPF has been dispatched to the storage and equipment facilities to check the primary source of the potential fraud.   

# Teuflisch Remote Mining Facility Keta 7.9 // 1.01.6019u


....UNKOWN MEGNETIC INTERFERENCE DETECTED....
