# Teuflisch Royal Navy Carrier // 12.31.6018u

After besmirching his pride, **OZAI** challenged **WAKE** to a mock-combat exercise using only the most sophisticated training equipment and simulations available in order to put her lance back where they belong, at the bottom of the totem pole. Unfortunately for him, the **ROOKIES** pulled an incredible upset after launching a daring hack attack and fending off a recipricol one made by the **FIREBENDERS**.  Meanwhile on the field of combat, the heroic sacrifice of **ADAM LUCKHARDT** to distract the last oppenent, **AZULA**, led the **ROOKIES** to the win and **ADAM** to the top 5 in the Teuflisch streaming charts.  Thus, humiliating the senior Lance Handler, his team, and establishing the **ROOKIES** as a Lance not to be trifled with.

# Teuflisch Remote Mining Facility Keta 7.9 // 1.01.6019u

Shortly after deployment, other Lance teams quickly reported missing/absent objectives to **WAKE** as the **ROOKIES** made their way towards their unknown investigation point.  They quickly discovered **SCHINDLER** as well as his security team attempting to steal valuable mining equipment and vehicles and moved in to intercept.  **FALCONER** made an immediate and stunningly speedy sprint towards **SCHINDLER** pinning him in close combat and refusing to let him go. Overcoming hidden traps, an unknown mech-frame, and stiff resistance, **FREEBIRD** pulled off a daring and incredible field-wide hack that slowed and reversed the progress being made by the stolen transports. **FIRE POPPY** followed this up with a shot from his Anti-Material Rifle that quite literally split the first transport in two. Lastly, **THERMOSTAT** and **CLOVER** finished off the last transport. What was left of **SCHINDLERS** security forces scattered leaving their team leader behind and the downed **DOUG FREDRICKS**.  Due to some, poor judgement, **DOUG FREDRICKS** was able to escape to a ship waiting in orbit, but the most important villain, **SCHINDLER** himself, was captured.  Riding high on their success, the **ROOKIES** will recieve a new teammate, and their next mission....  

**WARNING** UNAUTHORIZED OUTGOING TRANSMISSION DETECTED -.- RECEPIENT UNKNOWN -.- DESTINATION KETA 7.9 REMOTE FACILITY 99.51.2999-BSA -.- **FLAGGING MESSAGE** 
