# Teuflisch Royal Navy Carrier // 01.02.6018u - 01.03.6018u

Upon the decisive victory at the Keta 7.9 mining facility, the **ROOKIES** were sent to escort **SCHINDLER** and his data to several specialized facilities for interrogation, processing, and analyzing.  While in route, they were joined by new pilot Vincent, aka **INDOMITUS**.  Vincent and Wlliam engaged in a nearly catastrophic night of drinking that ended with the a wrestling challange on the condition of witnesses. Nancy and Stan attempted to wrest control of the oncoming mission from the authority of **OZAI** and despite an incredible deep-fake conference call with digital recreations of the other Handlers, were unable to take control of the mission. Hingy developed some more specialized training techniques for her workouts, and Adam started working on his own workout steaming vids. Calliope baked cookies and was able to pass them out to everyone amongst the **ROOKIES** while passing on messages for William. Hingy and Calliope spectated the match between Vincent and William, and just as Vincent prepared to win by surrender, Hingy smashed a bucket of cookies over the heads of them both and won the match declaring "Always expect craisens on the battlefield". 

# Planet Censored by S.O.M.E.G.U.Y.S. Authority // 01.04.6018u

After planetfall, the **ROOKIES** and **FIREBENDERS** formed two squads, each going to a seperate objective.  

Team A led by **OZAI** and comprimised of **INDOMITUS**, **POPPY** and **THERMOSTAT** took **SCHINDLER** to the prison facility located deep in the mountains of the sole planetary continent. As they journeyed, **POPPY** took the last family photo of **OZAI** with his dead wife and son, while also doing research alongside **THERMOSTAT**.  **INDOMITUS** was able to connect with **OZAI** and learn more about his concerns and qualms with the **ROOKIES** and **NANCY WAKE**. The following day, they discovered not only the missing photo, but a damaged tank of a specialized chemical that keeps their mechs from freezing over in the adverse weather conditions on Takkalleellee.  **POPPY** confessed to stealing the photo, and after returning it was ordered to tank point in his Mech and forgo the chemical bath to keep his Mech safe to operate. Close to the prison facility where **SCHINDLER** was to be interred, they were ambushed by both local wildlife known as Kraken Spawne and Black Knights, of note, the Sniper who harrassed them on Keta 7.9.  Overcoming the ambush, **THERMOSTAT** was able to tunnel beneath the battlefield, and take on the Kraken Spawne while **OZAI** was able to escape.  **INDOMITUS** was able to knock over the enemy sniper after they **mistakenly** took the arms off of one of the Kraken Spawne pinning **THERMOSTAT** in place. All of Team A was able to make it to the prison, battle damaged but alive.  **POPPY** was pinned by **OZAI** in a closet, but before things could escalate ***ADMIRAL ZHAU*** in a surprisngly outdated uniform dismissed **OZAI** and commendated the **ROOKIE** pilot.  **POPPY** was asked to deliver a message for the Admiral, and after a short rest, Team A are on their way back to the Landing Pad to leave this place.

Team B led by **LIGHTNING QUEEN** contained **HANDLER**, **CLOVER**, **FREEBIRD**, **FALCONER**, AND **BOILING ROCK**. After seperating from Team A to take their objective, **SCHINDLER'S** data inside a specialized apperatus known as an **ICEBOX**, Team B encountered no difficulties while travelling to the Automated Guard Tower that served as their mid-point-marker on the way to the Data-Retention Center.  While there, **CLOVER** and **FREEBIRD** convinced **LIGHTNING QUEEN** to pass on the **ICEBOX** to **FREEBIRD** and they successfully installed it into **RACCOA**.  The following day, Team B spotted signs of an ambush ahead, and were able to confront their assailants head-on.  Despite the tremendous amount of strain put on their mech's sensor's, they were able to quickly identify the Black Knight's mechs, but missed a much larger threat.  During the combat, after **FREEBIRD** managed to overheat **BOXER'S** mech, a 4-story tall Leviathan Larvea picked up said mech frame and hurled it through the air at **FREEBIRD**.  Unable to react in time, **RACCOA** went down hard, unfortunately, cracking the **ICEBOX** and making the data inside vulnerable to hacking and downloading.  After downloading a copy of this data for himself, **FREEBIRD** rallied, and once a squable between **HANDLER** and **LIGHTNING QUEEN** was resolved,  he took the stranded pilot **BOXER** into his mech. **FALCONER**, **CLOVER**, and several RPV's made from Agri-Mechs, assaulted the monstrous creature, and **CLOVER** even scored a critical hit removing one of its massive limbs.  In the choas that followed, **LIGHTNING QUEEN**, created a wall of flame, and used it to shield **FREEBIRD** so he could escort the **ICEBOX** to safety while the other pilots wrestled with the beast. After the **ICEBOX** escaped, the rest of Team B was able to outrun the Leviathan Larvea and make it safely to the Data-Retention-Center.  While there, **BOXER** was tied up, **HANDLER** gave a brief mission report, and **ADMIRAL ZHAU** commented on their mission's success before dismissing her.  **FALCONER** talked **BOXER** into giving up his life as a ganger after sneaking past security personal with the help of **CLOVER**, and he is sure to remain tied up in that conference room for sure. **HANDLER** and **THERMOSTAT** exchanged a brief conversation updating each other on their various mission objectives and wins. After a long night of rest, Team B began the long march back to the Landing Pad to leave the planet. 

**WARNING** UNAUTHORIZED OUTGOING TRANSMISSION DETECTED -.- RECEPIENT UNKNOWN -.- DESTINATION KETA 7.9 REMOTE FACILITY 99.51.2999-BSA -.- CONTENTS -.- SENSITIVE INFORMATION -.- **FLAGGING MESSAGE** 
